
			LSI Logic Prom Monitor 
			Release Notice v2.6 		Jul 7 1992


Enhancements and Bug Fixes

	Support has been added for MIPS-based DecSations and MIPS cross
	tools on a SparcStation. Use the `Install' script to specify
	the appropriate configuration.

	Support has been added for the LR33050 and the LR33020. This
	is enabled with compile-time switches, and should be selected
	in the file defines.mk.

	The HI and LO registers have been added to the "r *" display.

	pmcc now generates fast-mode records by default, if you
	need S-records, use the the -srec option.

	A checksum has been added to the fast-mode records. To suppress
	the generation of a checksum record, invoke genFrec with the -c
	option. This is necessary when creating a fast-mode record file
	that is to be downloaded to a pre- 3.00 version of PMON.

	When generating fast-mode records, the bss section is no
	longer downloaded by default. To include bss in the download,
	use the -b option with genFrec.

	PMON and pmcc now support fast-mode records when using little
	endian byte ordering.

	The terminating S-record (S7) now has the correct checksum.

	Support for input files has been added, see example/filetst.c.
	The files are placed at the top of memory, and the stackpointer
	to move down accordingly. It does not support redirecting stdin
	to a file.

	The program genBrec has been deleted, to create a binary memory
	image from a coff file, use "genSrec -b".

	To support programs which require a large stack, the client
	stackpointer is now set to the top of memory, rather than to an
	area inside PMON's workspace.

	PMON now sizes memory after reset. However, memory contents
	are not changed as part of this operation.

	PMON now detects the presence of an floating-point coprocessor.
	If found, PMON enables the coprocesor and the floating-point
	exception input. Note that PMON will not enable the FPU if the
	CpCond1 input pin is not tied low.

	The 'g' command now has a -t option that times the execution
	of the client program. Setting the -t option causes the client
	to be invoked with argv[0] as "t", instead of the default "g".
	Unfortunately, because of a bug in earlier versions of PMON,
	this means that a program built using the 3.0 version of pmcc,
	will not run under pre-3.0 versions of PMON, unless the "-c"
	option is added to the 'g' command.

	Numerous command options have been added. Use 'h *' to review
	the new command list.

	The programs in the tools directory will now display a brief
	explanation of their options if invoked with -h.



Known Problems

	None
